docs: add a disclaimer about not supporting local counters by SSTableLoader (#11248)
scylladb/scylladb: docs/operating-scylla/admin-tools/sstableloader.rst

SSTableLoader
=============

Bulk loads SSTables from a directory to a ScyllaDB cluster via the **CQL API**.

.. note::

   This tool is **different than Apache Cassandra's sstableloader**, which uses an internal RPC protocol to load data.

.. note::

   sstableloader does **not** support loading from encrypted files. For restoring data from encrypted files, see :ref:`Migration to ScyllaDB  <cassandra-to-scylla-procedure>`.

.. note:: 

>     ScyllaDB does not support local counters used by Apache Cassandra 2.0. If you are migrating from Cassandra 2.0 or a later Cassandra version upgraded from 2.0, using SSTableLoader to migrate local counters to ScyllaDB will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ScyllaDB does not support local counters used by Apache Cassandra 2.0. 
    You can use SSTableLoader to migrate Counters tables created with Apache Cassandra 2.0, even if Cassandra was updated to a later version.   
```

Author: @tzach I'm a bit confused because according to the issue "Using sstableloader to migrate local counters to Scylla will not work".
@vladzcloudius Could you review this PR?

Reviewer 2: Correct, @annastuchlik. One can NOT use `sstableloader` on SSTables containing local counters.

I'm not sure what was the idea of the author of this patch.
